# ZGenesis
ZGenesis is a mod loader/patcher for The Genesis Project.
## Installation
Simply go to the releases page [here](https://github.com/Zephi-Sero/ZGenesis/releases), and download the latest version. Using a zip file extraction software like 7zip, or the built in one Windows comes with, extract everything to your installation directory. On Windows, this can be found at `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\The Genesis Project\`. It should ask to replace one file, `Assembly-CSharp.dll`. Say yes, and run the game! If a `mods/` and `logs/` folder were created, the mod loader has been successfully installed. Or, if not, it will have logged an error in the `logs` folder. If not, make sure that `Assembly-CSharp.dll` got replaced when you installed the mod patcher.
## Uninstallation
To uninstall, simply reinstall the game in Steam or verify the integrity of the game files by going to Properties > Local Files, and clicking the `Verify integrity of game files...` button. It's that easy!
## Building
To build ZGenesis, first clone the repository by either downloading the source or through git. Then, make a new directory in `ZGenesis/` named `BuildDeps`. This is where build dependency DLLs will go. What you will need to put in there includes NET4.8 `0Harmony.dll` and a modified version of the game's `Assembly-CSharp.dll` file, which can both be found when downloading the latest release of the mod patcher, [here](https://github.com/Zephi-Sero/ZGenesis/releases). You will also need 2 DLLs from your The Genesis Project install directory. On Windows, this is at `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\The Genesis Project\`. Navigate to `The Genesis Project_Data/Managed` from there, and look for two files, `Mirror.dll` and `UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll`. Copy these into your `BuildDeps` directory you made earlier. The last DLL you need can be found on this page, in the releases. Download the `Assembly-CSharp.dll` file for the latest version, and put it in the directory too. If done correctly, an IDE such as Visual Studio Community Edition should be able to open the `ZGenesis.sln` solution file, and you should be able to build as you would a typical C# project.
